# walmart-python-clt-project
April 24-April 24
Walmart, a multinational retail corporation, seeks to discern potential discrepancies in spending habits between male and female customers. By unraveling these insights, Walmart aims to refine its understanding of customer demographics and buying patterns, thus enabling the refinement of business strategies and enhancement of sales tactics.
The average spending per transaction for male customers is $9445.66, while for female customers, it is $8735.49. Additionally, the 95% confidence interval for average spending of male customers ranges from $9435.83 to $9455.48, while for female customers, it ranges from $8726.19 to $8744.78.Women are not spending more money per transaction than men.
There is no significant difference in the average spending per transaction between married and single customers. The average spending per transaction for married customers is $9262.72, while for single customers, it is $9260.98. Additionally, the confidence intervals for both married and single customers overlap at different confidence levels (90%, 95%, and 99%). This overlap suggests that there is no statistically significant difference in average spending between married and single customers.
The age group 51-55 appears to be spending the maximum money per transaction. The 95.0% confidence interval for average spending in this age group ranges from $9485.03 to $9586.66, which is higher compared to other age groups.Walmart, a multinational retail corporation, seeks to discern potential discrepancies in spending habits between male and female customers. By unraveling these insights, Walmart aims to refine its understanding of customer demographics and buying patterns, thus enabling the refinement of business strategies and enhancement of sales tactics. The average spending per transaction for male customers is $9445.66, while for female customers, it is $8735.49. Additionally, the 95% confidence interval for average spending of male customers ranges from $9435.83 to $9455.48, while for female customers, it ranges from $8726.19 to $8744.78.Women are not spending more money per transaction than men. There is no significant difference in the average spending per transaction between married and single customers. The average spending per transaction for married customers is $9262.72, while for single customers, it is $9260.98. Additionally, the confidence intervals for both married and single customers overlap at different confidence levels (90%, 95%, and 99%). This overlap suggests that there is no statistically significant difference in average spending between married and single customers. The age group 51-55 appears to be spending the maximum money per transaction. The 95.0% confidence interval for average spending in this age group ranges from $9485.03 to $9586.66, which is higher compared to other age groups.
Skills: Probability 路 Statistics 路 Statistical Data Analysis 路 EDA 路 Data Analysis
